README: update to current codebase (#103)
SUSE/pcw: README.md

# OpenQA Public cloud Helper

> A web app which monitor, display and delete CSPs and linked resources. It try to identify left over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web app which monitors, displays and deletes CSPs and linked resources. It tries to identify left overs
```

Author: what I can say , I have grammar issues in my native language too :D . thanks !

> instances and also perform some cleanup task. For instance it delete old custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instances and also performs some cleanup task. For instance it deletes old custom
```

# Your base url used to create links in email notifications. If it isn't
# present, the first entry of settings.ALLOWED_HOSTS is used.
base-url = https://publiccloud.qa.suse.de

> # Fallback list when namespaces request for certain feature but not defined there

Reviewer: can we separate the different options using blank line?

namespaces = VAULT_NAMESPACE, VAULT_NAMESPACE_2, ...

> # boolean value controling wether pcw is running in "harmless" testing mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Boolean value controlling wether pcw is running in "harmless" testing mode.
```

# if True pcw will not do any changes in target namespaces but just declare in log
# message what will be done. Default value is False

> dry_run = [True,False]

Reviewer 2: This is nice!

# Use this option only during development! When enabled last response from
# vault is stored in a file 'auth.json'. The file is located in '/tmp/pcw'
use-file-cache = False

> providers = csp1[, csp2]...

Reviewer: is this the right usage of `[]`?

> # XXX is the name of a namespace.

Reviewer: minor thing, but I'd prefer using XYZ than XXX :p

from = FROM_ADDRESS
age-hours = NUMBER_OF_HOURS_TO_COUNT_AS_LEFT_OVER

# XXX is the name of a namespace.
# Allows to overwrite settings specified in notify.
# Can be used for all properties except :
# - notify/age-hours
# - notify/smtp
# - notify/smtp-port
# - notify/from
[notify.namespace.XXX]
to = RECEIPE_ADDRESS_NS_1[, RECEIPE_ADDRESS_NS_2]

# while namespaces defined in vault section would be scanned for

> # orphaned instances. This list of namespaces will be scanned for any

Reviewer: This sentence is missing something, maybe you want to use coma instead of dot?

```
and explore the results in your browser

## Debug

To simplify problem investigation pcw has two [django commands](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/howto/custom-management-commands/) :

[cleanup](ocw/management/commands/cleanup.py)

[updaterun](ocw/management/commands/updaterun.py)

> this allow to trigger core functionality without web UI. It is highly recommended to use `dry_run = True` in `pcw.ini` in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this allows triggering core functionality without web UI. It is highly recommended to use `dry_run = True` in `pcw.ini` in
```
